1. occurrences - :something that occurs a startling occurrence
2. mob - :a large or disorderly crowd
3. fought - :to contend in battle or physical combat
4. blunderbusses - :a muzzle-loading firearm with a short barrel and flaring muzzle to facilitate loading
5. crosses - :a structure consisting of an upright with a transverse beam used especially by the ancient Romans for execution
6. without - :outside
7. snipped - :to cut or cut off with or as if with shears or scissors snipped the stray threads
8. justify - :to prove or show to be just, right, or reasonable
9. nobody - :no person :not anybody
10. daring - :venturesomely bold in action or thought
11. fired - :using a specified fuel usually used in combination oil-fired power plant
12. mayor - :an official elected or appointed to act as chief executive or nominal head of a city, town, or borough
13. being - :the quality or state of having existence
14. court - :the residence or establishment of a sovereign or similar dignitary
15. upholsterers - :to furnish with or as if with upholstery
16. removing - :to change the location, position, station, or residence of remove soldiers to the front
17. itself - :that identical one compare it 1 used reflexively watched the cat giving itself a bath, for emphasis the letter itself was missing, or in absolute constructions itself a splendid specimen of classic art, it has been exhibited throughout the world
18. himself - :that identical male one used reflexively, for emphasis, in absolute constructions, and in place of him especially when joined to another object he considers himself lucky he himself did it himself unhappy, he understood the situation a gift to his wife and himself compare he
19. peace - :a state of tranquillity or quiet: as
20. lords - :one having power and authority over others:
21. guard - :one assigned to protect or oversee another: as
22. magnificent - :great in deed or exalted in place used only of former famous rulers Lorenzo the Magnificent
23. deliver - :to set free and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil Matthew 6:13Authorized Version
24. protection - :the act of protecting :the state of being protected
25. rode - :a line as of rope or chain used to attach an anchor to a boat
26. robbed - :to take something away from by force :steal from
27. into - used as a function word to indicate entry, introduction, insertion, superposition, or inclusion came into the house enter into an alliance
28. whom - used as an interrogative or relative used as object of a verb or a preceding preposition to know for whom the bell tolls John Donne or less frequently as the object of a following preposition the man whom you wrote to though now often considered stilted especially as an interrogative and especially in oral use occasionally used as predicate nominative with a copulative verb or as subject of a verb especially in the vicinity of a preposition or a verb of which it might mistakenly be considered the object whom say ye that I am Matthew 16:15 Authorized Version people…whom you never thought would sympathize Shea Murphy
29. national - :of or relating to a nation
30. scarcely - :by a narrow margin :only just had scarcely rung the bell when the door flew open Agnes S. Turnbull
31. st - stanza
32. stopped - :to close by filling or obstructing
33. consequence - :a conclusion derived through logic :inference
34. armed - :furnished with weapons an armed guard
35. despoiled - :to strip of belongings, possessions, or value :pillage
36. rounds - :something as a circle, globe, or ring that is round
37. london - John Griffith 1876–1916 Jack London Am. writer
38. mail - :payment rent
39. turnham - public park
40. highwayman - :a thief who robs travelers on a road
41. tradesman - :a worker in a skilled trade :craftsman
42. goods - :something that is good
43. robbers - :to take something away from by force :steal from
44. loaded - :high 12b
45. furniture - :equipment that is necessary, useful, or desirable: as
46. majesty - :sovereign power, authority, or dignity
47. highway - :a public way
48. england - country S Great Britain; a division of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ✽ London area 50,333 square miles 130,362 square kilometers, pop 49,138,831
49. contraband - :illegal or prohibited traffic in goods :smuggling
50. cautioned - :to advise caution to :warn
51. publicly - :in a manner observable by or in a place accessible to the public :openly
52. failure - :omission of occurrence or performance
53. noble - :possessing outstanding qualities :illustrious
54. boasting - :to puff oneself up in speech :speak vaingloriously
55. creature - :something created either animate or inanimate: as
56. burglaries - :the act of breaking and entering a dwelling at night to commit a felony as theft
57. away - :on the way :along get away early
58. fellowtradesman - fellow tradesman
59. gaols - jails
60. giless - innocent
61. lord - :one having power and authority over others:
62. necks - :the part of an animal that connects the head with the body
63. musketeers - :a soldier armed with a musket
64. prisoners - :a person deprived of liberty and kept under involuntary restraint, confinement, or custody
65. gallantly - :showy in dress or bearing :smart
66. shot - :an action of shooting
67. recognised - recognized
68. not - used as a function word to make negative a group of words or a word
69. security - :the quality or state of being secure: as
70. robberies - :the act or practice of robbing
71. challenged - :presented with difficulties as by a disability physically challenged
72. thieves - :one that steals especially stealthily or secretly
73. waylaid - :to lie in wait for or attack from ambush
74. potentate - :ruler sovereign
75. ammunition - :the projectiles with their fuses, propelling charges, or primers fired from guns
76. illustrious - :notably or brilliantly outstanding because of dignity or achievements or actions :eminent
77. amount - :to be equivalent acts that amount to treason
78. retinue - :a group of retainers or attendants
79. warehouses - :a structure or room for the storage of merchandise or commodities
80. families - :a group of individuals living under one roof and usually under one head :household
81. diamond - :native crystalline carbon that is the hardest known mineral, that is usually nearly colorless, that when transparent and free from flaws is highly valued as a precious stone, and that is used industrially especially as an abrasive
82. battles - :battalion
83. turnkeys - :one who has charge of a prison's keys
84. drawingrooms - :a formal reception room
